NOVEMBER 6. 1983
HAWKINS. INDIANA
HAWKINS NATIONAL LABORATORY
US DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
Something is coming.
It thirsts for blood.
A shadow grows from the wall behind you.
swallowing you up in the darkness.
- It's almost here.
- What is it?
What if it's a Demogorgon?
We just need a bag.
if it's a Demogorgon.
This is not Demogorgon.
The troglodyte army is attacking the cave!
- Troglodytes?
- I told you.
Wait.
Did you hear that?
This sound?
It's definitely not troglodytes.
No. it's something else.
- Demogorgon!
- Oh. shit!
- Will. your move!
- I don't know!
- Fireball!
- We need 13 or more!
- This is a risk. Put up a defense.
Don't be a pussy!
- Throw the Fireball!
- Set up the Defense.
Demogorgon is tired
of stupid human quarrels!
- He's coming toward you.
- Throw the Fireball at him!
- One more step!
- Set the Defense.
He is furious!
A ball of fire!
- Shit!
- Where did he go?
- Where is he?
- I don't know!
- Did you get 13?
- Where is he?
- Oh. my God!
- Mike!
Have you found it yet?
- No. I can't find it!
- Mike!
- Oh. my God!
- Mom. we're in the middle of a game!
Game over. It's already 15 in the eighth.
- Oh. my God! Fucking idiot!
- Why do we have to go?
- Mom. just 20 more minutes!
- You have school tomorrow.
It's time for Holly to invest. You can finish it over the weekend.
But we're going to get lost!
- Michael.
- I'm serious. mom.
We have been planning this fight for two weeks!
Who knew it would take ten hours?
Have you been playing for ten hours?
Dad. it's only 20 minutes...
Listen to your mom.
Damned piece of iron!
Found it!
- Does seven count?
- Did you get a seven?
Did Mike see it? Then it doesn't count.
Guys.
- Does anyone want a piece?
- No.
Yes.
No. I don't think so...
Yes. he is cute.
No. Barb. I don't think so.
- Barb.
- Hi. Nancy.
There's a piece left if you want it.
Sausages and pepperoni.
Wait.
Something is wrong with your sister.
What are you talking about?
Everyone turns their nose up at him.
Yeah. ever since
since I got involved with Steve Harrington.
Yes. she turned into a fool.
She has always been a fool.
No. she was great.
She played an elf in one of our campaigns.
Four years ago!
- I just remembered.
- See you later.
A seven came up.
A seven came up on the die.
The demogorgon caught me.
See you tomorrow.
- Good night. ladies.
- Give your mom a kiss for me.
Whoever beats me gets a comic book.
- Any of them?
- Yes.
Hey! Hey!
I hadn't said it yet: "March!"
Come back!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm picking up X-Men issue #134!
Son of a bitch!
HAWKINS NATIONAL LABORATORY
US DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
Mom?
Jonathan?
Hello? Hello?
NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
...and that's all the news for this morning.
Thank you for being with us.
Now Liz will talk about local news.
Thank you. Donna.
So. local news.
We were bombarded with reports
about power outages in the neighborhood.
Yesterday. hundreds of Hawkins homes
lost power yesterday.
Many people were left without electricity.
The reason for the outages is still unclear.
The spokesman for the Water and Electricity Service
of Roan County assured.
that the power supply will be fully restored
in the next few hours.
HAWKINS POLICE CHIEF
Other news.
Stay home or take an umbrella.
The details will be told by
Charles. the weather forecast presenter.
Where the hell are they?
- Jonathan?
- Look at the couch!
I've already watched it.
Found it!
Honey... I'll see you tonight.
- Yeah. see you later.
- Where's Will?
I haven't woken him up yet. He's probably still sleeping.
- You were supposed to wake him up!
- Mom. I'm making breakfast.
I told you a thousand times!
Will. honey... it's time to get up.
Did he come home yesterday?
Is he not in the room?
- Did he come home or not?
- I don't know.
You don't know?
- No. I came back late. I was at work.
- You were at work?
Eric asked me to take over. I agreed to do it.
After all. we could use the money.
- Jonathan. we've talked about this before.
- I know.
You don't have to work.
when I'm on the night shift.
It's nothing.
He was at the Wheeler's all day.
- He must have spent the night there.
- No way.
Sometimes I just can't believe my own ears!
It's disgusting.
- Mind your own business!
- Hello?
Hi. Karen. It's Joyce.
- Hi. Joyce.
- Mike. what the--?
- Hey!
- Quiet!
- Shut up.
- Are you kidding me?
Is that Will screaming over there?
Will? No. it's Mike.
Will didn't spend the night with you?
No. he left after eight o'clock.
- Why? Is he not at home?
- He must have left for school early.
- Thank you very much. Bye.
- You're welcome. Bye.
HAWKINS HIGH SCHOOL
BUS STOP LOCATION
It's strange.
I don't see him.
I'm telling you. his mom is right.
He just left for school early.
He is afraid that Gursky will take the test again.
Here you go. ladies and gentlemen.
Get your tickets to the freak show.
Who will earn the most in the show?
A little coal...
Frog or Toothless?
I'm betting on Bezuboy.
I've told you a million times.
my teeth are growing.
I have clavicular-cranial dysplasia.
"I told you a million times!"
Crunch your hands.
Come on. you freak!
God. it makes me twitch every time.
- What assholes!
- It's even cool.
It's like you have a superpower.
Like Mr. Fantastic.
But you can't fight evil that way.
HAWKINS HIGH SCHOOL
So. did he call?
Don't yell.
Did he call?
I'm telling you. it's not like that.
I mean. he likes me.
but not in that way.
We just...
We kissed several times.
"We just... kissed a few times!"
Nance. seriously. are you
you're gonna freeze to death right now?
Of course not.
You'd better be friends with me.
Because you're going to get in touch with Tommy and Carol...
What a disgusting thing!
It was a one-time date.
Or two.
I'LL MEET YOU IN THE RESTROOM. STEVE
What were you saying?
Steve.
- I have to go.
- Just a minute.
Steve. I really...
Seriously. I have to go.
Wait.
Let's meet tonight.
I can't. I have to study for the test.
Stop it. Your GPA? 3.999...
Kaminsky has very difficult tests.
Then I will help you.
- You failed chemistry.
- I got a C-minus.
- That's another matter!
- I'll be at your place around eight.
Are you crazy? Mom never...
I'll climb in through the window without her seeing me.
I am an invisible ninja.
You're crazy.
Hold on. Just...
Okay. forget it. We could. uh.
We... could sit in my car.
Find a quiet place. park...
Steve...
I need to study.
I'm not joking.
That's why I'm going to choose a quiet place!
Steve Harrington. you're an idiot.
Meet me at the corner of Dearborn and Maple
at 8:00.
Let's do some work.
HAWKINS POLICE DEPARTMENT
POLICE
- It's great that you decided to come.
- Morning. Flo. Hey. everybody.
- Hey. boss.
- Damn. you look good. boss!
- Really?
- Yeah.
Better than your wife's.
when I left her this morning.
While you were sleeping or drinking.
or whatever else you do on Monday mornings.
Phil Larson called.
Some children have stolen the gnomes again
from his garden again.
Those garden gnomes again!
I will get to it immediately.
There are more pressing matters.
Joyce Byers
didn't find her son at home today.
I will also do this.
- Give me a minute.
- Joyce is very upset.
Flo. we've already discussed this.
Mornings are for coffee and reflection.
- Chief. you have her now.
- Coffee and reflection. Flo!
POLICE STATION
DISAPPEARANCE
I waited an hour. Hopper!
I apologize once again.
I am losing my mind.
Boys his age often have fun like this.
Not my Will. He's not like that.
- He would not have done that.
- Who knows?
My mom thought I was at a debate.
but I was banging Chrissy Carpenter
in the back seat of his father's car.
He's not like you. Hopper.
He's not like me.
Not like... the majority.
He has a few friends.
But kids are so cruel.
They mock him. They're teasing him.
- They laugh at clothes...
- Clothes?
- What's wrong with him?
- I don't know.
- Does it matter?
- Maybe it does.
Listen. he...
a vulnerable child.
Lonnie. Lonnie said he was weird.
He called him a "faggot."
- Is he one of them?
- He disappeared!
That's what matters!
When was the last time you were in touch with Lonnie?
I heard he was in Indianapolis.
That was a year ago.
- He has nothing to do with this.
- Give me his number.
He has nothing to do with it. Trust me.
Joyce.
in 99 out of 100 cases of missing children.
They are found at a parent or relative's house.
And in one case?
- What?
- You said: "99 times out of 100."
- And in that one case?
- Joyce.
In one case?
Joyce. this is Hawkins.
Do you know what the worst case scenario is?
happened here in four years?
An owl attacked Elinor Gillespie.
because her hair looked like a hive.
Okay. I'll call Lonnie.
Tell him to talk to me first. not...
- A cop?
- Cops!
Just find my son. Hop.
Find him!
Dr. Brenner.
This way. gentlemen.
The entire eastern wing will be evacuated in an hour.
We have isolated the territory
according to the quarantine protocol.
Did it all start here?
Yes.
And the little one?
I couldn't run far.
And one more.
- Ben. what do you think about this?
- I don't know.
- I don't know. 37 points per game on average...
- Thirty-seven. but...
Mr. Baskett.
Hey!
Come here!
Did you think you could steal from me?
What the hell?
Finish Chapter 12
and answer the question 12.3
about the difference between the experiment
and other forms of scientific research.
This will be on a test covering chapters 10-12.
Choosing the right answer and essay.
So. did they bring it?
I'm sorry. guys.
I don't like bad news. but...
Yes!
Installing Heathkit.
It's beautiful. isn't it?
It will be heard in New York!
- Think bigger.
- In California?
- Next.
- In Australia?
Oh. my God!
When Will sees this. he's going to lose it.
- Lukas!
- I'm sorry.
Hi. I'm Mike Wheeler. president of the
of the Hawkins High School Radio Club.
What are you doing?
Hi. I'm Dustin. the secretary and treasurer
of the Hawkins High School Radio Club.
Do you have kangaroos for breakfast?
Sorry to interrupt.
I need Michael. Lucas. and Dustin.
Okay.
Let's take turns. okay? You.
- Where did he go?
- Mirkwood.
- Mirkwood?
- Yes.
- Have you ever heard of Mirkwood?
- No. It sounds like a fantasy.
No. it's from The Lord of the Rings.
No. from The Hobbit.
It doesn't matter.
- He asked!
- "He asked!"
- Shut the fuck up!
- Hey!
- Shut up.
- What did I say?
Take turns speaking. You!
Mirkwood is a real road.
And the name is made up.
- This is the intersection of Cornwallis and Curley.
- I know where it is.
- We'll show you if you want.
- I said. I know!
- We can help you find them.
- Yeah.
No.
No. After school. you will go home.
Immediately.
You won't be wandering around looking for
for your friend. and you won't be snooping around.
No fooling around.
This is not The Lord of the Rings.
"The Hobbit.
Shut up!
- Hey!
- Stop it!
Have I made myself clear?
I understand...
have spoken?
- Yes. sir.
Is anyone home?
Password.
I am glad...
Radagast.
Yes.
You can enter.
Thank you. sir.
Guess what?
I quit early...
"Poltergeist.
- I thought I was not allowed to watch this.
- I changed my mind.
If you don't have nightmares.
It won't. Now I don't get scared so easily.
Really?
- Even... clowns?
- Yeah.
What about my witch?
No. Mom.
- I'm not five years old.
- Byers!
- I'll boil you...
- Stop it. mom! That's nonsense!
Will?
- Will?
- Will!
Will!
Where are you?
Oh. my God!
Did your parents forget to feed you?
Is that why you ran away?
They...
were you insulted?
They brought you to the hospital. you were scared.
and you ran away. right?
Good.
I'll give it to you. You can eat as much as you want.
I'll even give you some ice cream.
But first. answer my questions.
Do you agree?
Let's start with a simple one.
My name is Benny.
Benny Hammond.
See? There you go. There you go.
And that's it. Don't be afraid. It's okay.
I am glad to meet you.
What is your name?
Eleven?
What does this mean?
- No.
- Goddamn it!
She can talk.
No? No what?
Then there will be no more food.
Eleven.
Yes.
What does this mean?
Eleven.
Good.
Here you go.
Don't be in such a hurry.
I can see that she is scared to death.
Maybe she was insulted...
or kidnapped or something like that.
It would be nice if someone would drive up.
Yes. The address is 4819 Randolph Street.
Yes. Randolph.
Will Byers.
Will!
Come on. boy!
Will?
Hey!
I found something.
- Is this his bike?
- Yeah. It looks like he fell.
Do you think he was hurt?
It's not that I can't walk.
For children. such a bike is a Cadillac.
It would bring him home.
If I win. I will be fired.
I had to go on Friday...
- We will come up with something.
- We will cover the damage.
- It's just...
- It is.
Is Lonnie here?
- Lonnie's not here right now.
- Could you. uh.
- I told you. Lonnie is not here.
- Who's that?
- His girlfriend. Cynthia.
- Cynthia.
- Who the hell is that?
- Cynthia. it's Joyce.
- Who?
- Lonnie's ex-wife.
- I need to go with him.
- Lonnie's not here right now.
- Call me later.
- No. not later. Right now!
- Bitch!
- Mom.
- What?
- We have to stay calm.
You have reached Lonnie.
Leave a message and I'll call you back.
Lonnie. some girl hung up on me.
Will has disappeared. I don't know where he is.
I need to...
Call me back. please.
Shit! Shit!
- Mom?
- What?
Cops.
Was he just lying there?
Yeah. Cal?
- Was there blood on it or...
- No.
Fillet?
If the bike was there. why are you here?
He had keys to the house. didn't he?
Yes.
Maybe...
He returned home.
You think I didn't check my own house?
I did not say that.
- Has it always been here?
- What? I don't know.
Maybe. I have two boys.
The house is always in chaos.
So you're not sure?
Hey.
What's wrong with him?
Nothing. He must be hungry. Come on.
- Hey!
- Jesus!
Are you deaf? I was calling you.
What's going on?
Hello? Are you sure everything's okay. boss?
Call Flo. Tell him to assemble a search party.
All the volunteers he can find.
Tell them to take flashlights.
Do you think there's a problem here?
We have to be there. to help search.
- We have already discussed this. The boss says...
- I don't care what the boss says!
Will could be in trouble.
All the more reason to be quiet.
- Mom!
- The conversation is over.
Barbara and I are going
are going to practice at her house.
- You don't mind. do you?
- Yes. I do.
What? Why?
What do you think?
Do I speak Chinese?
Until we know for sure
that Will is okay. no one is leaving.
- What a stupid thing to say!
- Watch your mouth.
So are we under house arrest?
- Because Will got lost...
- Like it's his fault!
Nancy. apologize.
- No!
- You're angry because you wanted to hang out with Steve.
- With Steve?
- Who's that?
- Her new boyfriend.
- You're an asshole. Mike!
What expressions!
Nancy. come back.
Come back!
It's okay. Holly. drink some juice.
You see. Michael? You see what's happening?
What happened?
I am the only one who behaves normally.
I'm the only one worried about Will!
You're being unfair. son.
We are worried.
- Mike!
- Let him go.
Enjoy your meal. Ted.
What did I do?
Hey... what did I do?
- Will!
- Will Byers!
Will!
Will. we're here. buddy!
He is a good student.
- What?
- Will.
He is a good student.
It's even brilliant.
It's like we don't know each other. Scott Clark.
Teacher of natural history and biology.
I have never liked natural sciences.
Maybe you had a bad teacher.
Ms. Ratliff was difficult to deal with.
Ratliff? That's a fact.
It still works. believe it or not.
I do. They say mummies don't die.
Sarah. my daughter...
Galaxies. the Universe...
She has always been good at this.
I always thought
that there are enough things to do on Earth.
What grade is your daughter in?
- I would transfer her to mine.
- No. she's...
She lives with her mother in the city.
Thank you for your help. teacher.
We really appreciate it.
- She died a few years ago.
- I'm sorry?
His daughter.
Lucas. come in. It's Mike.
- Lucas?
- Hi. this is Lucas.
I know it's you.
Say "over" so I know
where the end of the sentence is.
Over.
I've said everything. Over.
I'm worried about Will... Over.
Yes.
This is fucked up. Over.
I was thinking...
Yesterday. Will could have put up a defense.
but he didn't. He threw a Fireball.
Over.
What are you talking about? Over.
I mean...
that he could have been careful. but he didn't.
He put himself in danger.
to help his own people. Over.
We'll meet in 10 minutes.
Over. Over and out.
Where did you come from? I told you on the phone.
I'm under house arrest.
- I decided to study here.
- No. No way.
Stop it. You can't fail the test.
You'll have to bear with me.
What did I say?
Ninja.
You like ice cream. right?
You look good with a smile.
A smile. you know?
Just sit quietly.
I'll tell the person who came to leave. okay?
Yes...
- Good evening.
- Are you Benny Hammond?
I'm afraid so. And I'm afraid we're closed.
- Come back in the morning.
- Connie Frazier. Social Services.
Social service? I'm sorry.
I didn't expect you so soon.
- It's a long way to go.
- In the evening. the traffic is slow.
I haven't told her you're coming yet.
I didn't want her to run away.
She is a little shy.
- Like all the kids I work with.
- Yeah.
And where is it?
In the kitchen.
- Come on. I'll introduce you.
- Thank you.
- I'm sorry I wanted to expose you.
- No problem.
Strange. On the phone. your voice
sounded different...
Shit. It's here.
Hey!
Can you feel it?
- We'd better go back.
- No.
We will not return. Don't go too far.
Let's go.
Do not switch from the sixth channel.
And don't do anything stupid.
Guys. wait!
Wait!
"What polymers are found in nature?"
Starch and cellulose.
"In CH4 molecules. the hydrogen atoms
are located at the tops..."
Tetrahedrons.
My God. how many cards have you made?
You said you wanted to help.
You know. let's do it this way.
When you give the right answer.
I'll take off some of my clothes.
- And every time you make a mistake...
- Pass.
- Come on! Come on!
- No.
- It'll be fun.
"During fractional distillation
hydrocarbons are separated according to..."
The melting point.
The boiling point.
- That's what I meant.
- But that's not what I said.
- No.
- No?
Do you... do you need help. or...
No.
- Steve. Steve. stop it.
- What?
Are you crazy? My parents are here.
It's strange. but I don't see them.
Was that your plan?
To get into my room...
and win another victory?
No. Nancy. No.
- I am not Laurie. Amy. or Becky.
- You mean you're not a whore?
That's not what I said.
You're so cute when you lie.
Shut up.
Bad Steve.
Bad. Stay away from Miss Nancy.
You're an idiot. Steve Harrington.
You are beautiful. Nancy Wheeler.
"Compared to the speed of
of inorganic reactions
the rate of organic reactions in general..."
Oh. Jonathan!
Did you do this?
They are just great!
It is true.
I know I haven't given you enough time.
I worked hard and...
I am so sorry.
I hardly know how you live.
And I am very sorry that this is the case.
What is it?
What is it. dear?
- Nothing.
- Tell me.
- Tell me. Come on. Can you...
- No.
Just...
I had to be here with him.
No. Don't blame yourself.
You are not guilty. Do you hear me?
He...
next door.
I know that.
I feel it in my heart.
You have to... Just trust me on this.
- Yeah.
- Look at this.
Look at this. Look at these photos.
- That's what we need. right?
- Yeah.
Here. That's it.
Hello?
Lonnie?
- Dad?
- Hopper?
Who is this?
Will?
- Will?
- Is that Will?
Mom. is that Will?
Who is this?
- What have you done with my boy?
- What? What?
Give me back my son!
Hello? Hello. who is this?
Hello?
Who is this?
Mom. who was that? Who was that. Mom?
- It was him.
- Look at me. Was that Will?
- Yeah.
- What did he say?
He was just breathing. He was just breathing.
- Was there anyone else there?
- Я...
- Mom. who was there? Who was it?
- It was him.
I know it was his breath.
It was his breath!
Will!
- Will!
- Byers!
I have your X-Men #134!
Guys. I think we should go back.
What's wrong. Dustin?
If you are afraid. you can go home!
I'm just being realistic. Lucas!
No. you're just a coward!
Maybe Will disappeared because he got into trouble.
And we are in the same place.
where he was last seen!
- We don't have any weapons on us!
- Dustin. shut up.
- It's just... does that sound reasonable to you?
- Shut up. Shut up.
Did you hear that?
Translation of subtitles: Olga Chernyavska